---
layout: page
title: Warranty Information
---

<h3>Where you can obtain warranty service</h3>

You should first return to or contact Madison County Quick Lube. The address is
1601 Foxhaven Dr, Richmond KY.

<h3>What you must do to obtain warranty service</h3>

To obtain warranty service you must have your invoice and must return a sample
of the products and any repair order involved to support the claim. You must
bring the invoice, repair order, and the samples to Madison County Quick Lube
for evaluation for your claim.

<h3>Who makes the warranty</h3>

This warranty is made and will be serviced by Madison County Quick Lube.

<h3>Who is covered</h3>

This warranty extends only to the owner and motor vehicle identified on the
invoice. It applies only during the warrnaty period.

<h3>What is covered by the warranty</h3>

The warranty covers your service by Madison County Quick Lube and all services
and products shown on your invoice. If the oil filter or fluids fail to perform
properly during the warranty period, Madison County Quick Lube will install a
new oil filter and refil any fluids listed on your invoice. All products meet or
exceed manufacturer's requirements for warranty.

Madison County Quick Lube warrants that those services and products will be free
from defects in materials or workmanship for either three months or 3,000 miles
of use, whichever comes first measured from the date of services or mileage
shown on your invoice. This warranty is conditioned on the vehicle receiving
reasonable and necessary maintenance during the warranty period.

<h3>Exclusions</h3>

This warranty will not apply if the original invoice indicates the customer
declined to authorize specific labor, parts, or services required for
satisfactory performance. The warranty does not apply when the customer or your
representative tampers with or alters manufacturer's original equipment or when
corrective action is taken without prior written approval from Madison County
Quick Lube. The warranty does not cover loss of time, inconvenience, loss of
use of vehicle, or other incidental or consequential damages. The warranty is
given in lieu of other express or implied warranty.
